Update 5.0.introduce-solution.md (#993)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/nebula-cloud/5.solution/5.2.connection-configuration-and-use.md

# Private Link

> You can set up a Private Link in Connectivity to allow users to access the Nebula Graph database through a dedicated IP in the virtual network, without exposing your traffic to the public internet. For more information about private link, see [What is Azure Private Link?](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/private-link/private-link-overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a Private Link endpoint in Connectivity to allow users to access Nebula Graph databases through a dedicated IP in a virtual network, without exposing your traffic to the public internet. For more information about Private Link, see [What is Azure Private Link?](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/private-link/private-link-overview).
```

# Private Link

You can create a Private Link endpoint in **Connectivity** to allow users to access Nebula Graph databases through a private IP in a virtual network, without exposing your traffic to the public internet. For more information about Private Link, see [What is Azure Private Link?](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/private-link/private-link-overview).

## Configure Private Link

1. Enter your subscription ID, click **Create**. The creation time takes about 2 minutes.

>    !!! note

Reviewer 2: Make sure the indentation is correct in this topic.
